I'm sorry, but errors were detected in your script. Please correct the
errors listed below, and try again.


File "game/script.rpy", line 578: expected statement.
(Perhaps you left out a " at the end of the first line.)
    narrator You decided to join Amanda and her friends to the rooftop."
                                                                      ^
        jump startAct2point1
    
    
    label startAct2point1:
        # At rooftop
        scene rooftop
        show amanda smile with dissolve
        
        amanda "Cheers!"
        play sound "audio/clinkglass.wav"
        
        narrator "You drink the glass of drink that Amanda gave you."
    
        mc "Ahh... that hit the spot!" 
    
        scene blurrooftop1 blurred
        narrator "You feel nausea." # Blurr vision
    
        show amanda normal
        amanda "You know, kiddo..."
    
        mc "Specifically, the spots that are hitted are my both amygdala" 
        show amanda smile
        amanda "You reminds me of my younger self. When anxiety hits me, I also tried the Anxiety Intellegence that was advertised recently."
        show amanda hmph
        amanda "Apparently for some reason, I can't uninstall it once it is installed."
    
        mc "But it seems like you are free from anxiety now... how did you do that?"
        show amanda smile
        amanda "Heh"
        mc "Heh...?"
        amanda "Modern problems require modern solutions. Since I can't uninstall it, all I have to do is to get a new smartphone."
    
        mc "Wow, you're so rich!" 
    
        amanda "I am so grateful that I am helping you to cope with your anxiety too."
    
        mc "Heck yeah!"
    
        play sound "audio/glupsip.ogg"
        narrator "You take another sip of the drink" 
        scene blurrooftop2 blurred
        narrator "Your mind started to feel like flying{p}Your vision is getting blur over time{p}You can't think properly" # Blur vision
        show amanda normal
        amanda "Quick question, truth or dar-"
    
        mc "DARE!"
        show amanda smile
        amanda "Haha! Good."
        amanda "You see that baby-blue swimming pool down there?"
    
        mc "y-Yea-hh? Like th-three floors down there?"
    
        show amanda normal
        amanda "Jump in."
    
        mc "."
        mc ".."
        mc "..."
    
        mc "Wait what?"
    
        show amanda smile
        amanda "Your \"Anxiety Ingelligence\" is gonna start whinning isn't it?"

Ren'Py Version: Ren'Py 7.3.5.606
Sat Dec 05 10:05:32 2020
